Update alt text in the content (#301)
wpaccessibility/wp-a11y-docs: docs/topics/content/links/link-destinations.md

{: .example }
You can [download the manual as PDF](#).

# Resources

### Related WCAG Success Criteria for links

> By giving a meaningful link text, you meet WCAG success criteria

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By adding meaningful link text, you meet WCAG success criteria
```
